Update CRD upgrade process (#193)
openservicemesh/osm-docs: content/docs/getting_started/uninstall.md

1. OSM controller resources (deployment, service, config map, and RBAC)
1. Prometheus, Grafana, Jaeger, and Fluentbit resources installed by OSM
1. Mutating webhook and validating webhook

> 1. The conversion webhook appened by OSM to the CRDs installed/required by OSM: [CRDs for OSM](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/tree/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds) will be unpatched. Refer to [Removal of OSM Cluster Wide resources](#remove-osm-cluster-wide-resources) for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The conversion webhook fields patched by OSM to the CRDs installed/required by OSM: [CRDs for OSM](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/tree/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds) will be unpatched. Refer to [Removal of OSM Cluster Wide resources](#remove-osm-cluster-wide-resources) for more details
```

> 1. The conversion webhook fields patched by OSM to the CRDs installed/required by OSM: [CRDs for OSM](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/tree/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds) will be unpatched. Refer to [Removal of OSM Cluster Wide resources](#remove-osm-cluster-wide-resources) for more details

Reviewer: I think we should refer to the main branch-specific references in documentation meant for the main branch. When we cut the release, we will only update the references in the release branch. I know this process is not being followed consistently, but we should do so. It would be consistent with how our image tags in the OSM repo reflect the branch the code is targeted to.

> 1. The conversion webhook fields patched by OSM to the CRDs installed/required by OSM: [CRDs for OSM](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/tree/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds) will be unpatched. Refer to [Removal of OSM Cluster Wide resources](#remove-osm-cluster-wide-resources) for more details

Reviewer 2: I agree, that makes sense. Then we should revisit which version https://docs.openservicemesh.io/ renders by default since it uses the main branch of this repo currently by default where I know we've said in the past it should be the latest release.

> 1. The conversion webhook fields patched by OSM to the CRDs installed/required by OSM: [CRDs for OSM](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/tree/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds) will be unpatched. Refer to [Removal of OSM Cluster Wide resources](#remove-osm-cluster-wide-resources) for more details

Reviewer: Yes, docs.openservicemesh.io should point to the latest release as suggested in https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm-docs/issues/191. We should fix this for v1.0 as tagged.

## Removal of OSM Cluster Wide resources

> OSM ensures that all the CRDs mentioned [here](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/tree/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds) exist in the cluster at install time. If they are not already installed, the `osm-bootstrap` pod will install them before the rest of the control plane components are running. This is the same behavior when using the Helm charts to install OSM as well. Uninstalling OSM will only remove/unpatch the conversion webhook from all the CRDs (which OSM adds to support multiple CR versions) and will not deleted them for primarily two reasons: CRDs are cluster-wide resources and may be used by other service meshes running in the same cluster and deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources based off that CRD to also be deleted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSM ensures that all the CRDs mentioned [here](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/tree/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds) exist in the cluster at install time. If they are not already installed, the `osm-bootstrap` pod will install them before the rest of the control plane components are running. This is the same behavior when using the Helm charts to install OSM as well. Uninstalling OSM will only remove/un-patch the conversion webhook fields from all the CRDs (which OSM adds to support multiple CR versions) and will not delete them for primarily two reasons: 1. CRDs are cluster-wide resources and may be used by other service meshes running in the same cluster, 2. deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources corresponding to that CRD to also be deleted. 
```

If there are no other service meshes running in the same cluster and the required custom resources have been backed up, the CRDs can be removed from the cluster using `kubectl`.

Run the following `kubectl` commands:

```console
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds/config_meshconfig.yaml
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds/config_multicluster_service.yaml
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds/policy_egress.yaml
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds/policy_ingress_backend.yaml
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds/smi_http_route_group.yaml
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds/smi_tcp_route.yaml
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds/smi_traffic_access.yaml

> kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds/smi_traffic_split.yaml

Reviewer: Please change these to the shorter version, e.g. `kubectl delete crd tcproutes.specs.smi-spec.io`
